 
 
Meeting Overview 
Meeting Title T761 Eakin Healthcare Tech File SW review – SW coding changes 
Meeting Date 15th June 2026 Meeting 
Location 
MS Teams 
Objective & Participants 
Objectives of the 
meeting 
• Alarm changes 
• Language changes 
• SW versioning changes 
• Electrical Safety testing – Timeframe Dependency 
• Cybersecurity 
• Document Tracking 
• SW Workstream timeline delay 
Participants Trinzo: 
Jacqui Fox 
David Didsbury 
Colm O’Rourke (absent) 
Client: 
Rebecca Cuckoo 
Andrew Kane 
 
 
 
Meeting Minutes 
Alarm Code Change Audible Change 
 
Andrew has completed the following 3 parameter changes in the SW code – No Issues noted: 
• Sound – Low, Medium, High 
• Screen Colour – Low (Cyan), Medium (Yellow), High (Red) 
• Flash – Low (solid), Medium (0.6Hz), High (2hz) 
 
Some uncertainty around the Alram Mute button LED. 
David noted in the current setup - the flash goes from flash to solid when muted. 
Andrew to review and investigate the mute button flash to ensure there is no issue between the 
existing and new setup 
 
Clinical review of code changes pushed out to next week, to include nursing and usability (Adil) 
 
Code review 
New alarm code should be completed by W/E  19th June - David is to review the code upon 
completion 
 
Debug 
David queried the debug menu’s available commands. 
Andrew advised the audio debug does not appear on the display screen. 
Andrew and David to connect this week on the Debug test scripts to see what happens when 
the Debug is given particular commands. 
 
SW Versioning 
David reviewing the code to identify the presence of the 17 listed changes from Marturion 
within the code. 
Purpose to confirm where they are visible/implemented in the code – provide traceability. 
If changes cannot be clearly identified in the code then may need to retrospectively generate 
test data. 
 
Document Change request 
Andrew has raised the change request for the 3 changes below: 
1) 1 Change request form to document all 3 changes 
Alarms 
2) Languages 
3) Retrospective v1.01 to v1.02 (comprising the 17 changes listed from Marturion 

 
(Andrew Barr) on 20th May ’26) 
 
Change Request for review internally this week – W/E 19th June 
Language Changes Andrew has replicated 12 languages and upload – No issues with memory capacity. 
 
Some concerns around driver and font limitations for certain languages symbols,  like Greek, 
Arabic and Vietnamese. 
 
David suggested the graphics display driver could be updated to include additional fonts. 
Electrical Compliance 
testing  
Andrew/Rebecca have confirmed all Electrical Compliance testing will be completed in house, 
no requirements for UL. 
 
Testing is planned for completion by 23
rd July. 
 
David will use the  test reports to complete his deliverables. 
 
Andrew is reviewing IEC60601-1 compliance documents and gap assessing against previous 
MDD documentation to captured testing gaps. 
Cybersecurity Rebecca and Andrew currently evaluating options for securing the USB port, including physical 
port locks and software controls to prevent unauthorized access or harmful software 
overwrites. 
 
Rebecca explained that the risk management file was being updated to reflect both hardware 
and software control measures, with a focus on preventing unwarranted interference with the 
device. 
 
David and Rebecca discussed scenarios where incorrect therapy settings could cause harm, 
especially for neonatal patients, and considered the effectiveness of alarms, physical limits, 
and the potential for password protection. 
 
Rebecca clarified that if residual risk remains high after implementing controls, a benefit-risk 
analysis would be conducted to justify not adding features like password protection, citing the 
need for rapid clinical intervention and the lack of field incidents. 
 
Rebecca purchased standards (81001-5-1 for cybersecurity and 27427 for respiratory 
equipment) for further assessment, she will share. 
Andrew and Colm to review their applicability. 
 
 
Next steps 
Actions Owner Deadline 
Andrew to review the mute button flash sequence V the existing setup Andrew 19th June ‘26 
Clinical review of code changes for sounds, colour and flash Rebecca 26th June ‘26 
Change request sign off  Andrew/Rebecca 22nd June ‘26 
Review the debug commands in the debug screen Andrew/David 22nd June ‘26 
Andrew to review the graphics driver as possible solution for 
uploading language symbols 
Andrew 22nd June ‘26 
Review IEC60601-1 standard compare to MDD documentation to 
outline what testing needs to be completed for electrical compliance 
testing 
Andrew 26th June ‘26 
Complete Electrical compliance testing Andrew 23rd July ‘26 
Trace SW to identify the change in the SW between v1.01 and v1.02 – 
Document 
David 22nd June ‘26 

 
IF SW change cannot be seem generate retrospective test data David/Andrew 30th June ‘26 
Update Rsk Mgmt file addressing USB port lock and GUI security 
controls – Review competitor controls 
Rebecca 22nd June ‘26 
Share standards for review 81001-5-1 and 27427 Rebecca 16th June ‘26 
Review relevance of standards  Colm 22nd June ‘26 

 
 
