Jacqui: To Bob, how are you?
Jacqui: Let's see again.
Rebecca: I know I think we have a couple.
Jacqui: It seems not like you at the moment.
Rebecca: I was going to say, at least a couple, three times a week.
David: I thought you were about to say a day.
Jacqui: Well, at this stage, at the moment, David, it is kind of maybe three times a day, to be fair.
Rebecca: I was going to say a couple of times a day already, anyway.
Jacqui: yeah, absolutely.
Jacqui: Okay, dudes, let's get into it.
Jacqui: Let me, what am I doing?
Jacqui: I'm sharing my actions last week.
Jacqui: Andrew, you were a busy man this week.
Rebecca: These gone just like that.
Jacqui: All right, he scurries back.
Andrew: Yep, sorry, I was turning up something there.
Rebecca: See this name and just run.
Jacqui: Yeah, you're a busy man this week, Andrew.
Jacqui: You were a couple of things to do in relation to the sound.
Jacqui: How are you getting on with the debug?
Andrew: I think I have an alarm software load here.
Andrew: Seems to be working.
Andrew: I'll just share my screen here if that's okay.
Jacqui: Go for it, yep.
Andrew: And, yes, I'm gonna try and include sound.
Andrew: See if that works.
Andrew: So, see, I'll play this here.
Andrew: Can you see that alright?
Andrew: So, can you hear this?
Andrew: So that's our existing alarm, so every alarm is out signed.
Andrew: So I've got these three alarms now.
Andrew: I've tested them on the scope and they look, you know, I haven't got a test report or anything, but they look, they're a great thing.
Andrew: So play this one, see if you can hear it.
Andrew: That's just a single chirp for low priority stops.
Andrew: That's the medium priority.
Andrew: That's 10, that's the high priority.
Andrew: So those are all working.
Andrew: Salads, it will.
Rebecca: That's just to emphasize the high priority that is FD140.
Andrew: Sorry, he's all wrong.
Andrew: OK, I did change slide, right?
Jacqui: So you did an amazing thing by linking them within the PowerPoint so they're able to play.
Jacqui: No, you can't turn them off.
David: I was about to say, compare the, okay, now we know you've got free sounds, compare the existing, what, medium, the existing alarm to the high priority alarm.
Andrew: Yes, there's the existing one.
Rebecca: Sounds a lot like the medium one.
Andrew: Man, this is the high priority.
David: Definitely different, alright, OK.
Andrew: So that's chirps.
Andrew: So it comes in on the scope as chirps and you can measure the distance between them and stuff.
Andrew: So it's all lining up all right for those.
Andrew: So the existing alarm, there's the wrong priority.
Andrew: So I've put these different colors in.
Andrew: So there's now a standard, let's use cyan, blue, or yellow for low priority.
Andrew: So I figured it's the biggest contrast is if we do blue for the low priority, yellow for the medium priority, and red for the high priority.
Andrew: No, I've done the LEDs flashing.
Andrew: I've done the flashing a little bit.
Andrew: Definitely, I thought it's a lot easier to do it flashing from the LEDs, so the screen stays solid as the LEDs that flash.
Andrew: I think that should...
David: Yes, so which LEDs are you flashing then?
Andrew: So, there's an alarm LED, say the alarm mute button.
Rebecca: He's still there a lot of 8.
Andrew: So, it's solid.
Andrew: So, a low priority has a cyan blue screen and a solid LED, and the yellow and the medium is a yellow flashing 0.6 Hertz LED with a yellow screen that's a solid, and then the high priority is red screen, but it's...
Rebecca: Yeah, I used to go all the time.
Andrew: Flashing at 2 hertz, so twice a second, and so that is working as well.
Rebecca: I said it, instead of Christmas.
David: I thought when you pressed the mute button at the moment, right, to mute the alarm, the LED went solid, but you're going to leave that as flashing now, are we?
Rebecca: Yeah, I play it, no.
David: Or I misinterpreted the software.
Andrew: Yeah, I'm not, I'm not actually sure what it does at the minute.
Andrew: Um, I really looked at when you press the mute button.
Andrew: We could look at that.
Rebecca: Very straight, please.
Andrew: So, you're saying at the minute it's solid?
Andrew: And then you press the mute on it.
Andrew: All right, it's flashing, then you press the mute and it goes solid.
Rebecca: And now is another day that was like.
David: I think it.
Rebecca: Can you have a look next time, because I don't know if that might, I think asks.
David: I think it's flashing when you raise the alarm and then when it's triggered and then goes solid on someone sounding them on someone putting the mute on, but I might have misinterpreted the software.
Rebecca: Do you have this to ask?
Rebecca: Just like I know.
Andrew: OK, I haven't looked at the mute button, like how it like how the LED acts in that scenario, so that's probably something I need to look at.
Jacqui: So if I'm to interpret where we are, then that means that the sound...
Rebecca: Are doing anymore?
Jacqui: The color and the flash for each of the low, medium, and high code changes appear to have been made and are working successfully, and the only outstanding thing then to confirm is this: what happens when the mute?
Rebecca: Not of a group that is for the fake.
Jacqui: button is pressed in terms of the LED flash only.
Jacqui: And then I have two questions off that.
Jacqui: One of them was to do with a mini review with the clinicians around that audible sound as to whether that would be acceptable in the field.
Jacqui: Did you guys manage to connect with
Rebecca: That's been pushed out until next week, because all our clinical nurses or clinical guys are out in the field at the minute or off on leave.
Rebecca: So I suppose the ones that's obviously off on leave, spend pressure on the ones being out in the field.
Rebecca: So it's been pushed out till next week.
Rebecca: But what I did say to Andrew was we can trudge on with the rest of the stuff that we've got, both my side and his, and then just look back around and close that, you know, action off then just when they come back rather than waiting.
Rebecca: But yeah, if we, in the meantime, we can compute a firm on that mute aspect and then we can also run that past them then next week.
Jacqui: And then the other piece to that, further on from the clinicians as to whether there is an update needed from a usability perspective long term to check with the deal.
Jacqui: So I presume that is dependent on the feedback from the clinicians.
Rebecca: Yes, that will be.
Rebecca: He's on that call as well.
Rebecca: So we'll know get everybody at the same time.
Jacqui: And then, Andrew, one of the other things that has come up, I met with David this morning, just to kind of review his actions and what he's been working on.
Jacqui: And one of the things was around debug.
Jacqui: And that David is documenting around the debug, but I know that David, you had some questions around what you were, what was
Rebecca: Yeah, she had a boy at all.
Rebecca: They were in a group.
Rebecca: She felt like it was like we're standing there at the group else like it's book group.
Jacqui: from it within the software what the debug looked like and we were hoping that as a result of Andrew doing debug on the first change he made to the sound that would we'd be in a position to kind of fully understand what he's seeing because you can't physically access it to see.
Rebecca: My turn to say hello here and she ignored.
Jacqui: What's within the software?
Jacqui: Am I interpreting that correctly?
David: Yeah, well, I was the software modules say you can do various tests, right?
David: I was curious to see if the...
David: If the debug program that Andrew was running actually had those commands in, and he sent me a screenshot of the...
David: One of the O2 sensors, didn't you this afternoon, Andrew?
Andrew: I sent you on a screenshot of the debug menu, yeah.
Rebecca: This is Australian.
Rebecca: A lot of people.
Andrew: There's some, you were asking about like the audio menu, which I haven't actually been using for this test and I've just been using, I've just been simulating real faults and working off that.
Andrew: But the debug, the audio debug menu doesn't actually come up on the screen, but if you press.
Rebecca: You're like, you're like, you're like.
Rebecca: The people's reminisce right things.
Andrew: you know, C or capital C, which is what you're instructed to do in the test plan, then it does work.
Andrew: It's just, you don't see it.
David: Okay, but you don't actually see it.
David: So if I, so next, so when you get back from coming, when you next get back and you're back in front of the, your setup, right?
David: I might give you some more letters to try, right?
David: Okay, because the, because according to the software code, there's a,
David: There's a few more different options, right, than just, you know, just little chirp, big chirp, you know, up and down in the volume, right?
Rebecca: Don't find my brother.
Jacqui: So that's whereby there is a list of what the software says is available from a debug perspective and you just need to get confirmation based on that command what is physically seen on the screen.
Rebecca: I said that to you, but you're not allowed to say that with me.
David: I want to physically see it.
David: If Andrew puts the letters in, right, then we should then he should get a result, right?
David: I don't want to commit to writing, you know, getting a test script written around testing certain features and then finding that actually what I found in the software code has been.
Rebecca: I'm like wrong something.
David: Rammed out somewhere else, right?
Rebecca: And then she ended up getting the job.
Jacqui: And then, Andrew, I know that we had looked at starting to document that change within the on a change request form.
Jacqui: Have you started on that yet?
Andrew: Yeah, so I submitted that last week, so I think they're going to discuss that in their meeting on Wednesday.
Andrew: So, I don't know, Rebecca, what the process is.
Andrew: Do I need to be at that meeting or no?
Rebecca: No, I think it's more Ciaran Ryan from my team will be at it.
Rebecca: They'll just look at it, they overall approve it and then obviously as a change owner, you'll just take track of the actions.
Rebecca: But if you want, we can set up meetings following on from that, make sure all those actions get tidied up nicely.
Rebecca: But I think between you and a few couple of clinical guys, We're largely doing the bulk of the work, so this call and other intrinsic calls might be sufficient.
Rebecca: But yeah, that'll get approved on Wednesday.
Rebecca: And then it'll just be a matter of gathering the information and popping it into the folder to close out.
Jacqui: Just from my perspective, that change request does it list all three of the changes, i.e. the alarm code changes, the language changes, and the retrospective from version 101 to 102.
Jacqui: So it lists all three.
Jacqui: And again, for me to understand the output of that will be that there is a final version, a further version of the software released.
Jacqui: Version 1.03.
David: or whatever we call it.
Rebecca: Are we thinking of about calling it something different, or just out of curiosity?
David: Well, you might want to put it, you might want to call it 1.1.5 or two.
Rebecca: 2.0, I like 2.0, it always seems like it's like next grade, next level, 2.0.
David: Yeah, because a check we made, and once we have it documented, then someone, I presume in your regulatory team, will go through and confirm that it's a non-substantial change, will they?
Rebecca: Yes, that's part of that form.
Rebecca: It's that it's a non-significant change.
Jacqui: And just on that then, I know David, when we talked this morning that there was that gap assessment being done on that 17 changes that appeared for our communicated from Merturian to yourself via Andrew Barr that it's from version 1.01 to 1.02 is the 17 changes, but to understand where they are within the code or can they be
Jacqui: Seen at within the code.
Jacqui: Does how does completion of that feed into that change request or vice versa as the case may be?
David: Well, it should confirm what the first change was, because the documentation that we have currently from going from, whether it's version one, which I think is what the software says, to 102.
David: It gives it, but it gives it the degree of granularity that it needs for the MDR device file history.
David: Now, is it in section 2?
David: They, you know, they ask for the devices to the device, and we've changed the software versions and we don't really have, you know, the current documentation.
David: Um, would just ask, would just lead an auditor to ask loads of questions.
David: It's not well-defined.
Rebecca: After you get back with everybody in the room.
Jacqui: I know, again, when we also talked earlier on, David, that is that there is...
Jacqui: An indicator, the hope that some or the vast majority of those changes potentially are to do with changes to the battery, but there are others that it may be.
Rebecca: Thank you so much.
Jacqui: So what I had said was that the...
Jacqui: If changes are not all battery related to explanation documentation required for any unauthorized changes, worst case test data may need to be generated.
Jacqui: to that point is said that we at this point do not know if all 17 really all relate to battery or if they relate to others and
Rebecca: It will certain time.
Jacqui: okay, no problem, Rebecca.
Jacqui: And if it does relate to others, we potentially may need to retrospectively generate test data to support or to from a traceability perspective as to what that change was.
Jacqui: Is that right?
Rebecca: We've referenced the other changes in that change control.
Rebecca: And then I'll just compile them all together as part of design changes or changes throughout the tech file in the summary report.
Jacqui: Okay, so you will take David's output and incorporate it into...
Jacqui: David's output in terms of that review of the 17 changes and where they are visible within the code.
Rebecca: Just like a summary of...
Jacqui: Once it's covered off, that's all I'm worried about.
Jacqui: And then from Rebecca, I got your update from a UL perspective.
Jacqui: You're effectively taking all that electrical compliance testing in-house.
Jacqui: Yeah, and based on the dates on that.
Jacqui: It looks like the final, it's my interpretation of the final. piece of that testing will be the 23rd of July, I think you've said to me, which would tie in for the end of July.
Jacqui: So to give David obviously that bandwidth to be able to review the output or the results of that testing and where that feeds into all his, I suppose, final documents.
Jacqui: And that's right, isn't it, from a time frame perspective?
Rebecca: Yeah, and that takes into account kind of worst case of those timelines.
Rebecca: You know, best case is kind of like 4 weeks, so it could be slightly earlier, but I wanted to give Andrew a wee bit of grace period in case there was anything that kind of came from that kind of first action of like further testing and what information needs to then be fed through to Adil.
Jacqui: Perfect, okay, no problem.
Jacqui: You're all set up then to start that testing, Andrew.
Jacqui: You have everything that you need to start that testing.
Andrew: Yeah, I started going through the...
Andrew: First step was going through that, the big 60601-1 compliance document and went through that based off of the one we did for the MDD and just to find why we'd meet everything.
Andrew: So that's the big first bit that we'll see if.
Andrew: We have like gaps in testing that we need to address, but.
Jacqui: And again, just will you let us know if there is any support that you need from David on that so I can just understand from a resource perspective how any impacts that might have.
Jacqui: And then in relation to it sounds like we are on the
Jacqui: further side of the software changes in relation to all the alarm stuff and to look then at the languages as the next step.
Jacqui: So likely that will be next week.
Jacqui: We're still on track for that.
Andrew: Yeah, well, I've started learning the languages.
Andrew: I got, so I put 18 language files in there, and it's able to take 18 language files, but they don't have, you know, they don't have the latest translated, but those translations yet.
Andrew: I've kind of identified we might have a roadblock in terms of...
Andrew: the symbols that are needed for some of those languages.
Andrew: So I don't think our drivers and stuff at the minute would have.
Andrew: So for example, Arabic has a lot of different symbols and stuff, but it wouldn't have.
Andrew: So there's three languages in particular might be a problem is Arabic, Vietnamese and Greek.
Rebecca: That itself is something.
Rebecca: Did you get the mug?
Andrew: because they have all these different characters.
Andrew: So I don't know if we could look in and see, do we definitely need...
Andrew: Those in there.
David: Down in the down in one of the drivers, right, to do with the graphics display, you can add.
David: You can add different.
Rebecca: Single turn is even there.
David: We might be able to add a particular font for those countries, because at the moment, at the top of my head, I think it's all Arial or something, right?
Rebecca: But you see.
Andrew: OK, you clicked to the super.
Jacqui: Okay, and sorry, Andrew, go ahead.
Andrew: That would be the only roadblock for that one, because, like, I think the structure is there already.
Rebecca: I was even, they checked.
Rebecca: There you go, lady.
Jacqui: Okay, so what you've completed to date really is the replicated 12 languages to test the memory capacity to whether it takes 18.
Jacqui: It's suggestive that means it has and the memory capacity is there.
Jacqui: So the next steps are twofold.
Rebecca: I know, but like...
Rebecca: I assume they're all the same.
Jacqui: To look at the addition of any. specific language characters based on what David has said, but also then to load the fully translated.
Jacqui: languages which I believe you've received from my recollection from last week.
Jacqui: Okay, so again, should be able to get that done next week, presumably.
Jacqui: Okay, and then lastly, I think the other thing that had come up last week was around the cybersecurity concern, in particular in relation to the USB port.
Jacqui: And I know you guys were looking at potentially looking for a
Jacqui: Port luck. to consider a port lock to be used.
Jacqui: I don't know if you've managed to identify one in terms of...
Jacqui: Where that's at, go for it.
Rebecca: Andrew and I had looked at a couple of options.
Rebecca: I was in the middle of inputting it onto the risk management file, but we were talking about initial risks and kind of control measures.
Rebecca: We're looking at for two elements, one port lock for the USB on the back of the device, you know, how you, I was gonna say, how you... stringent do you make that over the fact that the screen element can also be accessed?
Rebecca: And if the attempt is to put any USB, you know, to overwrite the software in so much way that it becomes harmful, you know, likewise, there would be maybe some control needed on the screen to prevent somebody increasing, you know, oxygen concentration flows, flow rates or something passed and approved or for the matter of swapping from a neonatal to like an adult therapy, which would then cause harm.
Rebecca: So we're like looking at building that out.
Rebecca: We're not sure if...
Rebecca: The focus should be on the lock, but I do get the point of that.
Rebecca: But I think it should be overall around.
Rebecca: I suppose unwarranted interference with the device is the way we were kind of looking at it.
Jacqui: And what do we need to do to progress that?
Jacqui: Because it sounds like, as you said, there's a two-pronged approach.
Jacqui: There's the hardware aspect of it, and then there's GUI aspect of it.
Rebecca: I said to just Andrew that I go away and see what, if anything, other devices have around kind of controlling that kind of element.
Rebecca: But I'm in the middle of tidying up the risk management file sheet to share back to you guys to have a look at that and then I'll add those in.
Rebecca: But I'll get that, I'm hoping done for Wednesday because I'm focusing on risk at the minute for our Wednesday meeting.
Jacqui: And David, did you, I know obviously Rebecca had shared some of the competitor stuff previously, you didn't come across Anthony around that when you were reviewing.
Rebecca: Anyone has any ideas?
David: No, I didn't come across.
David: Right, but it seems to be particular to each company, right?
David: How they get around this, and this, I think you're right in terms of...
David: you know, looking for unwarranted, unintentional interference with the machine, right?
David: So, yeah, cyber security is one of those avenues in, right?
Rebecca: So we're back today.
Rebecca: She said that a really shortfall.
Jacqui: And there's no recommendation that you would suggest based on...
Jacqui: Software that you've come across in other aspects.
David: I didn't say that.
David: I was being polite.
David: I'm not suggesting, but I mean, given Rebecca's example of someone going to, you know, someone going to the LED screen and it's currently in on a neonatal.
David: Setting, I mean, coming along and twiddling it right to...
David: Send it up to, you know, to a rate that could cause an issue for a neonate.
David: Normally think, you know, you can either, do they select neonatal mode?
Rebecca: Yeah, there's like, I think in the six options, there's like bubble CPAP, which is for neonatals.
Rebecca: There's NCPAP for neonatals and then adult and yeah.
David: And they should have high and low defined limits, right?
David: OK, so assuming someone comes along and sets a, you know, tries to take it outside that limit, two things should happen.
David: One on alarm should sound, right?
David: OK, that would hopefully be enough to put someone off.
David: Right, and two, we could, you could in theory, lock it at the higher, you know, lock it at the higher limit, right, or say that any, you know, or any changes like that should be.
Andrew: Yeah, so at the minute, the settings are hard to set, so you can't go above 70 litres per minute or something in that mode.
Andrew: So you'd have to change modes to go into Ireland.
Rebecca: And that's what I was meaning if somebody was unintentionally to stop like an NCPAP therapy and then put onto adult CPAP for a neonate, I get that the harm's less so to the adult if they were put on neonatal CPAP or even put to the extreme of that because then you have your overpressure valves and stuff that all kick in.
Rebecca: But, and a similar thing for your NCPAP, you'll have the overpressure valves for NCPAP like pressure levels.
Andrew: You could go out to see Bob bubble.
Rebecca: but will the overpressure valves kick in on the adult for a neonatal before it does damage is what I'm saying.
Rebecca: Like if it was swapped, if one therapy was stopped and then was put in an adult therapy for a neonate.
Rebecca: I'm just, I was just thinking of maybe ways that the machine could be messed with that.
Rebecca: with intent to call harm, shall we say.
Rebecca: I know we do have the, once you set the therapy, we do have the little lock that you have to press and go, do you want, and it brings up a setting to say, do you want to stop this therapy or something?
Rebecca: You go, yes, but that's not.
Rebecca: Maybe that's around training, around being able to unlock the screen from that aspect.
Rebecca: But if somebody was to watch a nurse do that, you know, it's not like you have to type in like a pin or anything like that, or you need like a fob to attach it.
Rebecca: Do you know what I mean?
Rebecca: It's just a case of hitting unlock and go stop therapy.
Rebecca: It's quite instructive as well.
Rebecca: It's quite intuitive.
Rebecca: So anybody that is trying to cause harm might just go, yeah, of course I want to stop therapy.
Rebecca: You know, and... just trying to think like I don't know who would do this and to be honest it would be.
David: Yeah, I mean, you know, at the end of the day, it all boils down to, you know, down to risk and looking at the clinical settings, so...
David: I suppose the worst, you know, the worst case scenario is you've got some kid who's coming to visit their brother and sister in hospital.
Rebecca: What was that to you?
David: And he looks at this lovely thing and goes, I'm great on an iPad.
David: I can go, right?
David: So, but yeah, I don't know.
Jacqui: Click on site.
Andrew: Very little scoring.
Andrew: Can I not be a pretty loose score, because we've never seen that in the field out for all scores for aware, but...
Andrew: I don't know if we would say it.
Rebecca: I think from neonatal to adult, it'd be like a quite high severe severity rating, but a low occurrence.
Rebecca: Whereas I think the severity would be new for the adult would be no more than your general, you know, baro trauma.
Rebecca: There are issues that we've seen in line with the back to somber pressure valves.
Rebecca: So again, I think it's just more around that neonatal. patient population where disparity would be higher.
Rebecca: But as you say, Andrew, you could keep the occurrence quite low on the justified that we've not seen anyone interact or complain about interaction of third parties with these, you know, machines or whatever.
Jacqui: Is there two things to do there?
Jacqui: There's one to, obviously, as you say, Rebecca, you're updating the risk at the moment, so you're considering that.
Jacqui: But when we come to a conclusion...
Rebecca: And it's a week.
Jacqui: Is there a possibility that the conclusion determines?
Rebecca: I have a psychological.
Jacqui: That there is a change to the software to introduce some measure around.
Rebecca: Yeah, I think if the risk remains high after you put in your risk control measures, that's when you do your benefit risk analysis to say that, you know, the benefits outweigh the risk and the fact that it's unlikely going to happen, but there's nothing we can do to the machine that won't overcomplicate it or whatever, or introduce new risks or whatever.
Jacqui: Mitigating that risk.
Jacqui: Let's hope it's not a password on the screen, because I would imagine that's a software, another software change, isn't it?
Rebecca: Yeah, and also...
Rebecca: And this way your benefit risk analysis, you can negate the need for a password by saying that a clinician may need to intervene quickly and therefore typing in a password. particularly on a touch screen, which if, you know, with calibration slightly off means you could be hitting the wrong buttons, I might not be able to stop the therapy as quickly as they'd like.
Rebecca: So you can kind of risk adverse that by saying, no, we don't need that.
Rebecca: So therefore, as we've had no incidences of anybody messing with the machines and the nurses are able to interfere quite swiftly with them, then We're happy with the overall benefit-risk.
Rebecca: Now he's got all those words down on paper.
Rebecca: Great when you say these things.
Jacqui: Right, we're coming up on time.
Jacqui: So I suppose really the key things moving forward are
Jacqui: I can't even remember that mini review that needs to happen from a clinician's point of view in relation to the three changes that have now been done within the coding and Andrew to just confirm in terms of the mute button and what that what happens to the flash in relation to that.
Jacqui: And then to continue the upgrade, or sorry, the update to the 12 additional languages. that needs still to be done and then the electrical compliance testing has started or will start shortly with a view to be within the 23rd of July dates.
Jacqui: And You're continuing to review the USB port side of things and David did sent on today two documents, one in relation to the fan logic, Andrew, that he shared with you.
Jacqui: So just for that need, that needs to probably be reviewed from your perspective and if that needs to be added to your Cognidocs perspective. just not sure if it does.
Jacqui: I can see that the other ones updated, which is great.
Jacqui: And then from a PMS perspective, David has reviewed that document as well.
Jacqui: I've shared that over to Ciaran, whereas comments have been added and Any feedback, Rebecca, from you in terms of the updates that David has had put in last week to the risk management plan?
Jacqui: Is there anything needed there from David?
Rebecca: No, I've responded to those two comments that David had put in and kind of was a bit more specific than in the plan around the kind of method that were taken for risk management.
Rebecca: And I was just working through and tidying up that risk management.
Rebecca: I was wondering, I purchased 2 standards, 81001, which is I think the cyber security one.
Rebecca: All digital time.
David: Sorry, what did he say?
Rebecca: So I purchased 2 standards, 81001-5-1, which was the health software and health IT system safety, effectiveness and security.
Rebecca: So I think I've sent that on.
Rebecca: If not, I'll send that on.
Rebecca: And then the other was 27427 anaesthetic and respiratory equipment and nebulizing systems.
Rebecca: Opponents, I think Colm had mentioned about looking at that standard to see if it was applicable.
Rebecca: With regards to the nebulizing port, so Andrew, I'll send that on and we can maybe just get an assessment of that.
Andrew: Yeah, and the cybersecurity one might give a bit of guidance about what we're talking about there.
Rebecca: It might be not applicable.
Jacqui: And I can follow up with Colm as well.
Andrew: The cyber security one might give a bit of guidance about what we've been talking about there.
Andrew: I don't know.
Rebecca: What we can, yeah.
Jacqui: So I need to get Colm to review that as well.
Rebecca: Yeah, I'll just, well, I'll go try and drop them into chat, but I don't think it's going to let me, so I'll send them over in an email then to you.
Rebecca: And yeah, if we wouldn't mind having a look at them then just to see if we can do anything with them. or if we need to do anything.
Jacqui: Andrew, you're out for the next couple of days.
Jacqui: We're obviously at the tech call on Wednesday and we're okay to do our back to normal on Tuesday.
Jacqui: And Rebecca, I'll add you to that as well.
Jacqui: I don't think I have you added to that.
Jacqui: I'd call myself to that as well.
Jacqui: Okay, no problem.
Rebecca: Thank you very much.
Rebecca: Yes, you too.
